---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "formal_cloud_account Resource - terraform-provider-formal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Integrate a Cloud Account with Formal to deploy Managed Cloud resources. Note that the paired CloudFormation Stack must be deployed in eu-west-1 or us-east-1.
---

# formal_cloud_account (Resource)

Integrate a Cloud Account with Formal to deploy Managed Cloud resources. Note that the paired CloudFormation Stack must be deployed in eu-west-1 or us-east-1.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_cloud_region` (String) The AWS Region you would like to deploy the CloudFormation stack in. Supported values are us-east-1, us-east-2, and eu-west-1.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The Cloud Provider you are connecting the cloud account from. The only currently supported value is `aws`.

### Optional

- `cloud_account_name` (String) A friendly name to refer to this Cloud Account when using Formal.

### Read-Only

- `aws_formal_handshake_id` (String) Use this value for the parameters.FormalHandshakeID field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `aws_formal_iam_role` (String) Use this value for the parameters.FormalIamRole field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `aws_formal_id` (String) Use this value for the parameters.FormalID field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `aws_formal_pingback_arn` (String) Use this value for the parameters.FormalPingbackArn field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `aws_formal_stack_name` (String) Use this value for the name field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `aws_formal_template_body` (String) Use this value for the template_body field for your aws_cloudformation_stack resource.
- `id` (String) Use this value as the cloud_account_id for formal managed resources.


