---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "formal_integration_cloud Resource - terraform-provider-formal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Registering a Cloud integration.
---

# formal_integration_cloud (Resource)

Registering a Cloud integration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_region` (String) Region of the cloud provider.
- `name` (String) Name of the Integration.

### Optional

- `aws` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration block for AWS integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String, Deprecated) Type of the Integration. (Supported: aws)

### Read-Only

- `aws_allow_s3_access` (Boolean) Whether AWS S3 access is allowed or not.
- `aws_enable_ec2_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Whether AWS EC2 autodiscovery is enabled or not.
- `aws_enable_ecs_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Whether AWS ECS autodiscovery is enabled or not.
- `aws_enable_eks_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Whether AWS EKS autodiscovery is enabled or not.
- `aws_enable_rds_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Whether AWS RDS autodiscovery is enabled or not.
- `aws_enable_redshift_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Whether AWS Redshift autodiscovery is enabled or not.
- `aws_formal_iam_role` (String) The IAM role ID Formal will use to access your resources.
- `aws_formal_pingback_arn` (String) The SNS topic ARN CloudFormation can use to send events to Formal.
- `aws_formal_stack_name` (String) A generated name for your CloudFormation stack.
- `aws_s3_bucket_arn` (String) The AWS S3 bucket ARN this Cloud Integration is allowed to use for Log Integrations, if it is allowed to access S3.
- `aws_template_body` (String) The template body of the CloudFormation stack.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Integration.

<a id="nestedblock--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Required:

- `template_version` (String) The template version of the CloudFormation stack. Use `latest` to stay in sync.

Optional:

- `allow_s3_access` (Boolean) Allows the Cloud Integration to access S3 buckets for Log Integrations.
- `enable_ec2_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Enables resource autodiscovery for EC2 instances.
- `enable_ecs_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Enables resource autodiscovery for ECS clusters.
- `enable_eks_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Enables resource autodiscovery for EKS clusters.
- `enable_rds_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Enables resource autodiscovery for RDS instances (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB).
- `enable_redshift_autodiscovery` (Boolean) Enables resource autodiscovery for Redshift clusters.
- `s3_bucket_arn` (String) The S3 bucket ARN this Cloud Integration is allowed to use for Log Integrations.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
